recipe number two Ellen a Zuppa yes
roasted vegetable so we're using great
wonderful local vegetables as canola is
a local product we have about 9,000
growers in the province on an average of
2.5 million acres so canola can be as
local as it gets so we have cauliflower
red peppers onions anything you want to
throw into the soup but a squash really
add some sweetness and some flavor but
when we roast the vegetables especially
for cauliflower if you can cut it so
that you get the most surface area for
the roasting so that is the key now you
leave this little bit in there as well
yeah because i think you know it's all
we're gonna blend it all together we're
gonna take about a half a cup of canola
oil because you need to have a really
nice light mixture that you're going to
add in and a little basil so that's only
our seasoning some fresh dried basil and
that is what's going to go over the
veggies so we're going to mix that up so
this is almost you know we're just
making a nice little marinade that goes
over the veggies and then you're going
to put this in the oven at 400 degrees
for about 40 to 50 minutes we want them
to be nicely caramelized and looking
upward just even though no or you can do
it on the grill so we've just pulled
this out of the oven and you can see how
beautiful they all look and how hot the
pattern yes you have hands of Steel 20
years yeah with the squash you want to
cook it flesh side down and then you
want to add in we have a hot pot of some
chicken broth or some vegetable broth
then you want to start to add in because
we're going to make this be as light and
as healthy as we can so that's the key
to that just gives you skinless and
boneless yeah and a little good healthy
fats like canola so and then we got
there zucchini and we're gonna add in
our peppers so that's just all the great
fun of it so we want to have a hot stock
and put that in that's your chicken
stock just chickens don't we can do a
veggie stock and then but really the key
is scooping out the flesh and then we're
gonna blend it all together that's gonna
add the smoothness and the flavors that
you know people are gonna be a little
surprised about because we're not having
a high fat or a cream or anything in it
so we're just get this done now be
careful when you do this at home I have
someone coming out of India so that is
just gonna blend down you're gonna get
the different flavors and then we'll add
us more broth do you want a little more
broth maybe we should put a little more
in there yeah there and we'll cover it
up yeah I got the helmet there so we'll
just continue to add in blend and then
you're gonna have a really wonderful
little broth hair that's gonna go on so
it's been nice and thick great with a
local bread or just something you know
light and delicious one of my family
favorites the red pepper there could you
leave that skin on you can cuz we're
gonna most fight or if you prefer to
take the skin off you can take the skin
off but the carrots you know anything
that's just wonderful and local and
using heart-healthy canola oil helps to
mail those flavors and it at that really
nice smooth texture that you're gonna
get that you're not gonna be sure what
it came from it's a great fall winter
well almost any time of years perfect
for the fall markets that are out and
you know supporting local farmers and
buying local produce so yeah that's
really the key what would be your
favorite bread uh well the focaccia goes
nice if you want to just have a plain
one or a great rye bread or you know a
nice whole wheat something that has a
little depth and so it's veggie it's
healthy it's nutritious and above all
girls tasty and local beautiful thank
you very much Ellen what do we got
coming up next or zucchini bread all of
the zucchini bread kind of a dessert
thing Kevin Al's out there and he'll be
back in a well in a little while but
we'll get to that zucchini bread right
after this so stick